Doctor, how is my wife?
You talk to the child as packaging.
Your wife is overly frightened
I don't know when I'll wake up
Official payment
Damn excellent
Whoever you lose is a good person
It's all your fault, you're not qualified to stand here
You don't count on your feet.
What does it have to do with me?
You are complicit
Have to bear the consequences
You want to disengage Lu's cooperation with the story
You Lu's don't deserve it
No burglary
My group can only be better
Did you not think clearly?
Entering the house and sealing it is the number one enterprise in the business world
How much is that?
And I've worked on billions of projects.
It will soon leave you behind
You are so confident that you can win this project
Of course, the overall business of the bedroom
An average of tens of millions of orders cannot be processed
Let alone come up
Go down, then we'll see
When my sister wakes up
Let's see how you kneel and beg for mercy
Then you will have nothing
Hello, I lost the cooperative market.
Can't last 100 million
What the hell did you do?